Red Riding Hood
Is devastatingly beautiful 
Doesn’t need to prove anything to anyone
Is the daughter of a woodcutter 
Her woodcutter father is a powerful criminal underworld boss
Her fathers gangster network curries opposition against the kings tax collectors, but the gansters impose their own oppression
Spoilt and snobby she is on the posh side of common
Daddys girl
Cliquey and well connected although she doesn’t share and the clique is exclusive
Selfish and bright enough to be considerate but is often not. When she is considerate it is reluctantly 
She’s feared by those who know of her family's reputation (none of this group does)
But Red Riding Hood is not evil, she just has an evil family. She’s just a girl doing her thing
She probably doesn’t know she’s running illegal anti-lynthrocope medication in her basket
She always carries her basket. ‘It’s goodies for my grandmother’
She’s not strong or good at fighting but when threatened she will let her mouth off and you might wonder that she is actually tough, due to her upbringing by daddy the gangster who would do her fighting for her while growing up

Possibly should be Red Ridinghood not Riding and Hood

Strength 7/18, Dexterity 11/18, Constitution 12/18, Wisdom 9/18, Charisma 16/18, Intelligence 14/18

Origin:
Red is the only child of a woodcutter but this woodcutter is a powerful criminal boss. While the king has his knights do tax collecting the money paid as tax never benefits the towns. The woodcutter and his enforcers maintain the infrastructure although they do this with a brutal hand and their own taxation. Reds father is feared and loathed but still his reach grows. 

The king knows nothing of Reds fathers criminal network, instead the king only knows Reds father as a hero after an incident with a wolf of which Reds father the woodcutter is heralded as a hero. A fearce wolf terrorised the towns for years, and no man survived to even see the beast. Farms and travellers fell prey to the beast for years and years and years. The story goes Reds father single handedly killed the wolf. 

However the truth behind this is less glamorous, as Reds grandmother suffers from lycanthropy. The wolf that terrorised the towns was actually Reds grandmother and her father lied. He didn't beat the wolf in combat but found medication to suppress the grandmothers condition. After the carnage of the wolf stopped after Reds father claimed victory it seemed to the king that Reds father was the hero. 

Red knows this truth of course but she isn't stupid. She has her father round her little finger and her walking expeditions that she meets the party through, she has negociated hard with her father to let her have that freedom. It's a new thing, this being her third trip without her fathers enforcers following her everywhere.

It's very likely she will take over the family business one day, and probably rule with less brutality but still be a force to be recond with like her father.

Notable Possession:
- Wicker Basket
- Red Hood
