All four companions.

Call to adventure
Reason is easy, The Tailor if no one else has heard of this mythical place, the giant's house.
Also hearing of Jacks exploits everyone is worried about the giant. Perhaps that's why they go, The Tailor would like to check they're ok having been swamped and trolled by rag-dressed children all the time.
- The Knight would prefer to travel north anyway, to hide away and be invisible.
- Why would Red go? For kicks? Probably... what do you give the girl that has everything?

Refusal of the call
At least Tom is reluctant, possibly others. The place sounds ridiculous at best and dangerous at worst. Also the expansive forest brings its own dangers: you might get lost to death.

Supernatural aid
The equipment they need, a balloon, with a basket for the four of them could become available in a convenient way, perhaps already obvious. It could be a balloon with a basket and it's powered by music. Music makes it go up and can bias the direction depending on the angle the music is coming from below the balloon.

Crossing the first threshold
Travelling to the expansive forest
- Could drop in on Kim

Belly of the whale
The expansive forest is expansive. They could get lost even floating above it all.

Trials and tribulations
It might take longer than they thought. They would have to stop to re-supply. The balloon would land on the tree tops and Tom would use a rope to anchor the balloon and climb down using both the rope and the tree.
She would catch rodents and nettles, The Tailor and The Knight get down easily but they have to make a rope ladder (Tom does) before Red can climb down. 


Here they could tell stories as they build a fire and cook


Getting dark, this is when the giants house lands on the material plane (only at night but not every night)

The giant's house flashes in with sunset. They notice the flash and Tom can climb the rigging. He sees the giant’s house. They all climb up the rigging to the balloon. Red can't climb fast enough. Also the balloon is snagged down below, Tom would have to climb down to unsnag it but Red is half way up in the way. Also the balloon has a tear from the harsh tree-tops of the forest. It’s easy to repair but would take time. They have to run to the house, they make it through, and the giant woman is there in the garden...

They might stay in the house for more than morning, having to wait till the house arrives back to the material. Otherwise they would have to get from the plane of clouds to the material on their own or with the help of the giant. 

The Tailor might have to make a giants suit.

If The Tailor and Mr Giant talk The Tailor would observe Mr Giants collection of magic items is limited and mostly magical paraphanalia or ornate junk. The three actual items he has are mediocre like the seven league boots.

The seven league boots were, Mr Giant admits, the most comfortable of all the magic boots he's worn, lets Tom keep them (after some thinking). 

The Knight could craft a rapier out of a giant needle.

Tom could restock with giant's cotton.

They can't find the balloon again, it's moored in the expansive forest somehow. Would need a small simple repair but it does have a rope ladder going straight to it. Someone else escape from the forest in another story perhaps.

Summary
Mr Giant is misunderstood and likes gardening
The Tailor might acquire excessive cutoffs of fabric (he could use for Tom's family, or anything)
Tom could have new giant's cotton, the best of all climbing rope.
