The Knight is talking about the freedom of the open road and what a treasure it is to make his own routine. His real motivation for this is freedom from the soules chore and traditions of state. He is an crown prince on the run from Royal life. Not able to reveal that he will cobble some other motivation like ‘not being beholden to limitation of dysfunctional knight protocol humpf’

With his over packed backpack on, arms wide starts expressing some joy for freedom loud and proud to the empty countryside and our companions. He will start jumping and skipping, in a line but rotating a quarter step clockwise each hop and skip. With the heavy load on every hop and skip has a cascading heavy clank from his backpack, and metallic clanks that don't sound good. The seams of the canvas backpack straps are already taught to their maximum. As a dancing accessory the pack is as elegant as 120 lbs of assorted equipment can be but The Knight has the strength to hop with this heavy load. 

Being so overburdened all the time with so much stuff, and such a big pack as he dances the dead weight of his pack bouncing, The Knight might say "It's so great to be so .. unencumbered!"

The Knight doesn't express himself like this but his love of the open road is no secret he is just a reserved person in this regard. So the others seeing this will be surprised. The Knight is quite happy being ridiculous, since he can't deny the sense of love of the freedom he found.. this is a sort of ridiculous notion to him, love of freedom but the truth of this strange feeling outweighs his known traditions. As he skips and hops it's with a sense of self-irony and he's happy to play the clown which is the biggest surprise to everyone. The Knight is a an enigma in so many ways, and here The Knight goes against his blokey macho self and fools around.

The group will be delighted and Tom especially. So delighted Tom regresses to a more immature feral state and instinctively throws a rock at The Knight as he's dancing in circles. This will get The Knights attention and prompt more furious hopping and skipping (fully backpacked) as if to goad Tom as a great boisterous game. After all as a royal growing up the games The Knight would have played would have been dangerous and over-challenging. Rocks in good humour are a perfect scaled down version of his own brutal childhood.

So Tom would accelerate the rock throwing and The Knight would laugh gleefully as he tries to dodge them. With a sudden game in good humour and good spirits The Tailor would join in and go a step further such as specifically targeting The Knights nose which would delight The Knight, and everyone as the game would escalate in skill pushing The Knight to focus and dance more alertly. The Tailor wouldn't pursue this instead turning to hit Toms and Reds rocks thrown, defending The Knight. Board again he might aim for different pieces of The Knights plate armour, each one making a different tone.

Red's throws would be pathetic and The Knight may choose to work hard to 'be hit' by using his skill of defence inversely, so she get some gratification from her, beit pathetic tries at being a good sport.

Summary:
Everyone likes The Knight a little more
Tom and The Knight grow to like each other
