The Knight is ahead of the group for any reason.
Red is behind the group for any reason.

The Knight encounters an abandoned camp and thinks it could be a good place for their/his camp.

The 'abandoned camp' is bait for a trap on this trail. It’s a trap laid by local desperate bandits.

The trap triggers when The Knight kicks what looked like a thin, wanting, seemingly abandoned backpack. A big thick rope net spanning the entire ‘encampment’ gathers The Knight who is incapacitated, dangling from a net on a rope from a tree. He swings round slowly as the others catch up, except Red who is behind still.

They find this funny, except The Knight who isn't concerned but patiently, matter of factly waits for an appropriate time to ask for someone to cut him down. He doesn't rush to make excuses, accepting the fact of the situation but will give his excuse if pressed ("It looked like a perfectly reasonable place to make our camp. Seemed abandoned to me. All I did was nudge that pack.")

At some point before they get a chance to cut him down bandits jump out the bushes armed with bad or improvised weapons and attack them. This will be The Tailor and Tom, The Knight being unable to move but calmly offers tactical advice as he slowly swings round. The Knight can rely on The Tailor. The Knight may or may not have been able to access his jug. He may still be struggling to get it or be drinking from it best he can.

If the Knight does not how well The Tailor fights he may struggle to get a dagger to cut himself down, thinking only he has the prowess to save everyone. But probably this is not the case and The Knight drinks.

The Tailor and Tom can disarm and subdue the four attackers. Tom is less combative but has her own encounter and victory. 

As Red turns up it is revealed she knows all the attackers by name and shows quick familiarity asks after their affairs etc, she asks her group if their attackers on the floor around them are all alright. But The Tailor has an advanced style to the point of being able to disarm and incapacitate three attackers at once, while Tom had the clout to subdue one, the attackers are all alive and well but with bruises and welts. 

We might see a bit of Thieves Cant meta-language as Red talks to the bandits.

The recovering bandits and our group make camp together the tone changed with Red around, the bandits calling her Ma'am and showing genuine affection for the young lady, seemingly having nothing to hide, joking and verbally egging her on to do some dancing.

She is the darling of the underworld, and even if they didn't like her they would have to for sake of staying on the right side of her father, The Woodcutter (not to be confused with Toms father). Red's father being the critical underworld boss who all these bandits ultimately answer to.

During the interactions between the four bandits, the showing of Reds power and the interactions between the bandits and the group, during this time The Knight may or may not be sprung up in a net the whole time.

Summary:
Red seems to rule the underworld
