Requires only Tom and The Tailor and no other companion
Requires Tom and The Tailor to be not well acquainted

Tom and The Tailor encounter their first inn. Tom's never been to an inn before but has not let on. Tom notices the inn door has a latch. 

"I know how to work that" she says impressed with herself, sharing needing to be proud with this dazzling stranger, The Tailor

"After you then" The Tailor would accomodate.

Inside the tavern Tom would be overwhelmed.

At the bar, drinking ale Tom and The Tailor would chatter, The Tailor bringing in any overhearer seeming to hook them almost. Soon most adjacent would be engaged. 

(The Tailor might have to pop out and leave Tom alone.) Tom would say something stupid due to being feral
- Tom is impressed with coins, she has never seen so many - that could be it
- Tom is dressed really badly, possibly before The Tailor has had a chance to alter anything
- Toms vocabulary is limited at this point

Everyone listening would laugh at the stupid thing Tom says, like "I've never seen such fineary" in the dankest ale-squat this side of the North.

Tom would try to recover with an attempt at a complement (accidentally being facetious about the patrons of the innkeeper or something "Uh such a merry house! compliments to the innkeeper! large and well fed!"), but whatever she does to recover gets more laughs and sensitive she hides away best she can, unsuccessfully and hoping no-one is looking (they all are) slowly and not-impolitely, leaves. 

She's sad that she doesn't have the social ways and the like to be able to have friends like The Tailor, and fully unsurprised at her failure. 

She walks slowly back along the trail south on her own. She's gone a good few steps but not far enough as she hears the inn doors open and close. 

The Tailor looks around and sees Tom. He skips to a jog to catch up, reaches Tom and matches her pace step for step. Tom looks at The Tailor and The Tailor holds a steady gaze back as he skips a step to rejoin Toms exact pace. The Tailors matching of footing speaking volumes in the silence. 

Laughing at the delight of the foolish simple game Tom realises The Tailor might enjoy her company and they continue on the trail arm in arm.

Summary:
Tom is now bonded with The Tailor
Tom is now ready for The Tailor to be her mentor
Tom has exceptional intellectual capacity never tapped
The Tailor is now in position as friend and mentor to fill this
