Tom Thumb had been back home for several nights. As usual her thoughts were occupied, replaying the past troubling days. The terrifying giant; coming to terms with their parents leaving them to die in the forest: and finding out she wasn't the same as her brothers. Tom wondered "How did the lady giant know?". A pang of regret that it was heard from a stranger, but it blended into the despair at being left in the forest.

Tom had no reason to doubt the words of the kind woman giant: "No you beautiful young thing. Make no mistake you are a girl", and actually it made sense. The words echoed in her thoughts and again Tom felt surprise and shock. Since her first night back at home the kind words spoken by the giant had said themselves in her mind over and over, and sometimes brought a heavy feeling in her gut. For as many times as Tom came to terms with this it would return to unsettle her.

Chewing a grass-stalk with her arms behind her head she realised she was not actually looking at the sky. But now she did as her thoughtscape vanished and the clouded sky in front of her. "Dark soon." she thought. 

She pulled her head up with her arms and looked past their home to the remaining apple core. It sat looking a little sorry for itself. It was more than thin now, and slushy. Her brothers and her had dragged this giant apple from the strange house. "And what a great idea that was." Tom congratulated herself; it was a feast for everyone. "And that was me." she continued, surprised with her own fact. And at that moment she felt very proud of herself.

The apple would last them about two more days Tom thought carefully, weighing it up in her mind. Full bellies all round. A heavenly comfort with a nagging feeling. What was that nagging feeling? An awareness catching up with her. Probing her thoughts she reluctantly opened blocks and doubt seaped in. "Oh yes," she murmured. The apple would inevitably be eaten. With no apple left the family would be back to the way it was before. Which was nothing. Winter was not over yet.

"It will be a while till spring." Tom thought looking towards the core. Somehow her focus left the apple even though she was looking straight at it. Toms mind drifted to thoughts of spring.

Spring would break and the family could get back to a merry life of hunting rodents for meals, served with nettles. A banquet Tom thought. But just a daydream. A lovely daydream while she laid on her back. With a sigh she pulled herself up to sit, her mind returning to the present.

Wiggling her toes she felt the exquisite comfort in the soft leather of the boots; she could do that all day. She had been doing that all day. Now the worry of what would happen when the apple core ran out.

After the apple core had gone and there was nothing else to eat Tom knew it would be bad. There would be arguing at best. Believe me, arguing was one of the best results when the family was hungry. Being the smallest of all the children, significantly smaller than the next smallest, Tom wasn't sure being a girl made such a difference anyway. She would still have to fight for pretty much anything. Tom was in good favour with her brothers at the moment, but it would be back to normal. 

Sitting and not sure whether to get up or not, she was glad everyone had enough to eat today. Today she had the luxury of a full belly. 

"So," she said to herself "What I need is a plan.". It was not an easy problem to solve. But quickly Tom had an idea! In fact, the answer was clear: get another giant apple. Apples grow from apple pips. "But not in a day" Tom thought as she disagreed with herself. But it was something. Tom understood there was yet another treasure hidden in the giant apple core. The giant apple pips. 

Gently rising to her feet she walked to the core until she was close enough to judge where the pips should be. Pushing her hand into a likely spot she felt a hard pip. Reaching in further she felt around, eyes irrelevant, her hand mapping the pip's orrientation. With a concerted push the pip nudged to a better grip, curling her hand round the back she eased the pip out. Once she had freed one giant pip another two became accessible. Using a stick she worked these out and put the three pips in her pockets.
