The clothes don't fit lol....Seeds in her pockets Tom scooped a handful of apple flesh before walking towards the house. Pausing to finish eating, gobbling messy mouthfuls, the door latch caught Toms attention. A mangled, rusted wreck that had once been a latch. But Tom had never seen it any other way. The latch on the giants door was the first functioning one she had seen. 

Eating her hands clean she wondered if her mangled latch could be bent back into shape. Then shadows of anxiety arrived remembering how others would react. And now aware of her family behind the door defensive instincts pulled her back: stay unnoticed, be invisible. Tom closed her mind, stiffened her muscles and pulled the heavy door open.

The overpowering smell of baked apples. The heavy door slammed shut behind her. In the thick air, for a second, Tom was sick of apples. But it passed; chastising herself of the obvious, the apple being a life saver. Besides the pips in her pocket could be interesting. 

Tom could see there was no good seat available. Round the table sprawled a rowdy mess of brothers. They occupied all but one seat: the smallest and least sturdy. It was the one at the awkward corner of the table. And it was the seat by the drafty wall. Tom wanted to sit so she sat there. 

Often there were brawls over the precious little there was. Seats or more specifically seats and seat positions were a common cause of stand-offs. Tom wasn't bothered. Once or twice she might have had to fight for the right to be left alone. That was worth fighting for but little else was. 

And yet, bellies full even mitigated tensions were rising round the table; competing voices. She did not look though, no-way could she risk eye-contact. Tom froze for a moment to listen and judge the tone of aggression in the voices. Quickly an intuitive gut-chord reassured her the situation was unlikely to escalate. She relaxed. Wiggling her toes, squashing them against the wool lined boots, the comfort winning the battle for her senses. Beautifully fitting boots drowned out the sound. Comfort was her entertainment for the evening.

Next morning Tom woke earlier than anyone else. With well practiced tip-toeing she worked round sleeping siblings, got to the door and went outside. The first thing she saw: brown leaning apple-core. The bright morning sun spared the eye no mercy and the giant apple-core was looking far from adequate. Tom realised her expectations were wrong. The house door opened quietly behind her, Tom looked round. It was the oldest and biggest of the brothers, Kim. Relaxing Tom looked back at the apple. Kim joined her 

“You’re up early?” Kim asked.

“Yes.” Replied Tom.

Tom wanted to tell Kim of her plan to head to the village and sell the pips. At the same time she was hoping to keep it a secret. 

“What you doin’?” Kim accused. 

Tom braced her upper body and relaxed her legs shifting weight between feet, ready to flinch.

“I’m going to the village.” Tom replied

Nothing happened. Nothing happened for too long. Very quickly several more possible outcomes sprung to Toms mind; she was ready to dodge. But no, nothing. Tom chanced a gauging side glance towards Kim.

Kim walked a few steps, leaned down and picked up a choice stick. A sturdy branch used the previous day in high spririts by her brothers, it was almost as tall as Tom. Kim held it as a staff vertically, it's base on the floor. Leaning his weight on it the staff held. Kim turned towards the south trail and looked back at Tom. "You're a stupid sod."

Kim started walking towards the south trail. He walked a few steps turned his head towards Tom slightly: "Are you coming then?"

The south trail was easy in comfortable boots. Kim had fathers hand-me-downs which were only second generation. They looked more or less like normal old boots. Toms boots looked new but obviously too small for anyone other than her and her tiny frame. Early on she had relied on this to stave off others desires on the boots.

She strongly suspected the boots would fit whoever held them the same way they had fitted for her. Tom had pulled the boots off the giant very easily, accidentally even, and they slid off the giants feet into her hands as a pair of boots exactly the right size for her. The long walk (mostly in silence) gave Tom ample time to muse.

Their progress along the south trail that morning was smooth and pleasant. The forest thinned and the trail became a road. It was afternoon by the time they saw the dotted buildings far off in the distance. Two rolling hills to cross and they were there, they could be there before dark. They hurried their walking to Toms fastest.

Early afternoon they reached the village, Kim carried Tom piggy back for the last stretch. Kim stopped and Tom jumped down. They had been to this village before, while fleeing the giants house. 

Tom remembered this looking at the collection of houses and buildings. She could not remember much about it at the time, having been preoccupied. The memory of relief at arriving at the village. But then the memory of the nightmare before that, at the giants house: giant trying to kill her.

With a concerted breath and the reassurance of the giant apple pips in her pocket Tom was not preoccupied other than fantasies of what giant apple pips could be worth.

The village was IT WAS VILLAGY VILLAGE LAND, LAND OF TEH FREE VILLAGE HAD THE VILLAGE PEOPLE IN IT

DRAW MAP OF VILLAGE.



NOW TWO HEROS JOURNEYS AT THE SEAM TIME!!1 WE PUT THEM BOTH AT EITHER ENDS OF THE LARGE HADRON COLLIDER AND SHOOT THEM TOWARDS EACH OTHER AT THE SPEED OF LIGHT. SEE WHAT HAPPENS

The Tailor's hero's journey and Toms hero's journey

1) Tom
Call to adventure
-- Tom goes with Kim, meets Jack sells him pips for a cow
-- Kim thinks father would be disapointed with a cow and thrash them or something. By the way elsewhere, out of the story, Jacks father is equally disapointed
-- The Tailor meets Tom with Kim and the cow, as Tom and Kim are discussing the situation

2) The Tailor, at the same time has his own heros journey
Call to adventure
- He likes people, but is very fussy over those he spends extended periods with like travelling companions. Selfish, foolhardy or thick people can hurt his eyes. Thick people less than the other qualities though. Selfish or foolhardy behaviours will fail he thinks and doesn't want to see how the failure plays out, or be anywhere near it when it does.
- Tom is a surprise to him, Seeing an urchin in near-wrags (that don't even fit her!) but with sharp and dapper boots 
Refusal of the call
- He thinks it curious, and delightfully unexplainable, but continues walking in the direction he already was and walks past them.
- Kim trying to encourage Tom to make the boots 'go fast' but Tom refusing (Kim wants to get home quickly and the cow is slow). Tom has what is normally hard earnt experience. Impressive.
- The Tailor his back to Tom and Kim having just walked past them slows down walking more slowly, and continues to listen.
- The strange story Tom doesn't really tell about how she got them
- He goes to join them to ask lots of questions.
Trials and tribulations (in threes normally)
- The Tailor asking lots of questions about the giants house, Tom thinks of it as dangerous not intriguing.
- He thinks this young lady has learnt this caution the hard way, but with an encounter of note. He wants to know her story. She is reluctant to remember or talk about something so traumatic.
- Toms reluctance to re-live horror and his willingness and capacity to charm Tom aka influence is his trials << 


NOW THE CLASH LOL
1) hits 2)
Now the Tailor is hooked and wants to know more about Tom, and be her friend. Kim wants to head back home with the cow.

Tom now has an oppotunity to REFUSAL OF THE CALL
The Tailor is Toms SUPERNATURAL AID

Tom can use the word 'adventure' What an adventure! The Tailor might refer to Tom as "Oh! An adventurer!"

Yeah, then the Inn encounter is Toms Crossing the first threshold (the first inn? the one with her and The Tailor?)!!!

3) ?????

4) PROFIT!!!!!!!
