The Return of Tom Thumb (and the Seven League Boots)

Once upon a time in a land far far away lived a woodcutter and his wife and seven children. They were poor and illiterate living to survive each day and always surprised by winter. One such winter, an especially cold winter the woodcutter and his wife were both ever so cold and oh so hungry. So cold and so hungry they feared they would starve to death. Unable to sleep, wrought with troubles and certain of the grim they decided the best of the worst solutions was to lead their children to the deep forest where they could die out of earshot.

In the morning the father took the seven children to the forest to collect kindling. The seven children did what their father said from fear of being thrashed. “Come on boys” he said and they all followed. But Tom Thumb, the youngest and smallest of the children noticed some things were unusual. It was unusual to collect kindling so early. Why were all the children going? Usually just a few of them went, and they were not taking the usual route. However Tom kept silent as was often the best way when dealing with father..

Tom dwelt on the unusual but also had other troubles. Tom was the youngest and smallest, significantly smaller than the next smallest  brother. Because of this Tom would often be left behind, the others far in front. Without the familiar route and with so many siblings out Tom decided to leave a trail to follow home. Tom searched all pockets but the only thing to be found was a crust of stale bread. Needing something the crust was crumbled up so Tom could leave breadcrumbs at key locations to be able to navigate back.

They walked and walked, and walked. And they walked. And they walked till they thought they could walk no more. Tom had to leave sparser and sparser breadcrumb clues. The breadcrumbs had all but run out when dusk came. Suddenly one of the children noticed somehow, none of them quite knew how, or when, but somehow their father was nowhere to be seen. 

Tom didn't call out for their father like the others, instead instantly rushed to look for the breadcrumb clues. The sparse breadcrumbs had been eaten quickly by birds and the only trace left was a small bird searching for the last crumb. A sinking feeling as a chance to get home was stolen and hope seem lost. Tom turned towards the other brothers who were arguing. Following the sound of their squabbling Tom returned to the group.

Arguing would get them nowhere, no doubt they would perish unless they found or made shelter. Perhaps they could lean branches together to make a crude hovel? And they may be able to make a fire by working together, the strong ones rubbing sticks and others pooling pocket lint for tinder. And then Tom had an idea.. anyone else in the forest would have a fire for warmth. A slim chance but it was easy to climb a tree and look for light, since it was dark a light in any clearing would shine out. 

A slim chance for sure but easy to do, and critically, all of them together, all the brothers could do both. Make a shelter, make a fire and look for other camp fires. Now it was more than two things, the list was getting out of hand. It was time to share ideas with Kim, the oldest brother, the one others will listen to.

Tom called out to Kim.

"I have an idea" Tom said

"To find father?" Kim replied

Tom paused. Tom could see Kim was not considering father had left them. Poor Kim had not learnt to be self sufficient like Tom. As the smallest Tom was first to be forgotten or left behind. But the other brothers could fight more easily for a better place or better things, or to get to the front. Kim would be the one who looked out for Tom. They were very fond of each other. Kim however was not the smartest and being the oldest and biggest he got fathers attention, so he still very much looked to their father for approval.

Tom sidelined Kims question about father, inched closer to Kim and continuing speaking.
"Someone can climb a tree and look for a light. If we see any, it could be shelter for us. If there's no light then we are going to have to build a fire. Probably a shelter too. Let's do all of this at once since we can, and it's getting colder"

Kim trusted Tom and the other brothers trusted Kim, and they all got to work. Some collecting fallen branches for shelter, some collecting kindling for a fire, others collecting both branches and kindling. Another brother quick as he could started climbing a tree with good branches. Tom watched as the climbing brother pull himself from branch to branch. It took a long long time. As the climber got higher he had to shout down to be heard. The shouts got more distant and then they couldn't hear anything. A while passed and some brothers began to worry. None on the ground spoke, especially Tom. 

It was Toms idea. 

Everyone had collected enough good branches and fire material. But all of them had stopped at the base of the tree, waiting for the brother who was climbing. There was no sound. They listened carefully. 

Tom thought to speak and say something but suddenly a shout from the high branches. Relief below they looked up and the brother was climbing down. 

"Did you see anything?" many shouted up as the brother came into view from above. He didn't answer as he descended, he was climbing down quickly. By the time he got to the trunk he was too exhausted to speak. "Yh" he nodded and the answer "Yes" was clear. Fighting to catch his breath the others gathered round as he wiped the sweat off his head, ragged body exhausted and slumped against the trunk. He pointed in a direction and Tom took a careful mental note which way it was.

"And..." he wheezed excitedly but was too out of breath to continue.

The others waited wondering what else it could be. His panting became less frantic and he got his breath. "And its close" he finished.




  @}}>-----             --------{---(@




//Giants house
//Wife lets them in but begs them not to wake the sleeping giant 
//Giants wife identifies Tom Thumb as a girl. 

//Giant wakes perseus the ‘brothers’. Sleeps and Tom steals their boots

//Tom goes to hide behind a giant golden orb but when she leans on it it shrinks untill it fits in her hand. She catches it so it doesnt bounch on the floor and make a sound, and finds another hiding place. This golden orb is later stolen by the fox
//Returns home with the golden goose ?
