The Return of Tom Thumb (and the Seven League Boots)

Once upon a time in a land far far away lived a woodcutter and his wife and seven children. They were poor and illiterate living to survive each day and always surprised by winter. One such winter, an especially cold winter the woodcutter and his wife were both ever so cold and oh so hungry. So cold and so hungry they feared they would starve to death. Unable to sleep, wrought with troubles and certain of the grim they decided the best of the worst solutions was to lead their children to the deep forest where they could die out of earshot.

In the morning the father took the seven children to the forest to collect kindling. The seven children did what their father said from fear of being thrashed. “Come on boys” he said and they all followed. But Tom Thumb, the youngest and smallest of the children noticed some things were unusual. It was unusual to collect kindling so early. Why were all the children going? Usually just a few of them went, and they were not taking the usual route. However Tom kept silent as was often the best way when dealing with father..

Tom dwelt on the unusual but also had other troubles. Tom was the youngest and smallest, significantly smaller than the next smallest  brother. Because of this Tom would often be left behind, the others far in front. Without the familiar route and with so many siblings out Tom decided to leave a trail to follow home. Tom searched all pockets but the only thing to be found was a crust of stale bread. Needing something the crust was crumbled up so Tom could leave breadcrumbs at key locations to be able to navigate back.

They walked and walked, and walked. And they walked. And they walked till they thought they could walk no more. Tom had to leave sparser and sparser breadcrumb clues. The breadcrumbs had all but run out when dusk came. Suddenly one of the children noticed somehow, none of them quite knew how, or when, but somehow their father was nowhere to be seen. 

Tom didn't call out for their father like the others, instead instantly rushed to look for the breadcrumb clues. The sparse breadcrumbs had been eaten quickly by birds and the only trace left was a small bird searching for the last crumb. A sinking feeling as a chance to get home was stolen and hope seem lost. It was now impossible to get home. Tom turned towards the other brothers who were arguing. Following the sound of their squabbling Tom returned to the group, and the arguing irritated Tom.

Arguing would get them nowhere Tom thought listening to the squabbles. No doubt they would perish unless they found or made a shelter. Perhaps they could lean branches together to make a crude hovel? And they may be able to make a fire by working together, the strong ones rubbing sticks and others pooling pocket lint for tinder. And then Tom had an idea.. anyone else in the forest would have a fire for warmth. A slim chance but it was easy to climb a tree and look for light, since it was dark a light in any clearing would shine out. Critically, Tom thought, all the brothers could do both. Make a shelter, make a fire and look for other camp fires. Now it was more than two things, the list was getting out of hand. It was time to share ideas with Kim, the oldest brother, the one others would listen to.

Tom called out to Kim.

"I have an idea" Tom said

"To find father?" Kim replied

Tom paused. Tom could see Kim was not considering father had left them. Poor Kim had not learnt to be self sufficient like Tom. As the smallest Tom was first to be forgotten or left behind. But the other brothers could fight more easily for a better place or better things, or to get to the front. Kim would be the one who looked out for Tom. They were very fond of each other. Kim however was not the smartest and being the oldest and biggest he got fathers attention, so he still very much looked to their father for approval.

Tom sidelined Kims question about father, shifted weight to the other foot inching closer to Kim and continued
"Someone can climb a tree and look for a light. If we see any, it could be shelter. If there's no light then we are going to have to build a fire. Probably a shelter too."

Tom glanced a look at Kims eyes, checking to see if he was still following, and continued
"You see, we can do all of these things, all of them, at the same time. Because there are lots of us. And best we do because it's getting colder every second"

Kim trusted Tom and the other brothers trusted Kim, and they all got to work collecting fallen branches for shelter and kindling for a fire. Another of the brothers, quick as he could started to climb a tree. Tom watched as the climbing brother pulled himself from branch to branch. It took a long time and as the climber got higher he had to shout down to be heard. The shouts got more distant and then they couldn't hear anything. A while passed and some brothers began to worry. None on the ground spoke, especially Tom. 

It was Toms idea. 

They had collected enough branches for a shelter and kindling but no one begun to make a fire, or construct a shelter. All of them had stopped at the base of the tree waiting for the brother who was climbing. 

There was no sound. They listened carefully. Tom thought to speak and say something but suddenly a shout from the high branches. Relief below they looked up and the brother was climbing down. 

"Did you see anything?" many shouted up as the brother came into view from above. He didn't answer as he descended, he was climbing down quickly. By the time he got to the trunk he was too exhausted to speak. "Yh" he nodded and the answer "Yes" was clear. Fighting to catch his breath the others gathered round as he wiped the sweat off his head. His ragged body exhausted, slumped against the trunk. He pointed in a direction. Tom took a careful mental note which way it was.

"And..." he wheezed excitedly but was too out of breath to continue.

The others waited wondering what else it could be. His panting became less frantic and he got his breath. "And its close" he finished.

The brothers were in good spirits as they set off in the pointed direction. "It's the nicest house you ever saw!" explained the brother who climbed. Tom had hoped to ask questions but the brothers on the whole were too busy rushing towards the direction of the house. The going was slower than they tried though "Stop pushing or you're going to get it" said Kim as he made a trail while the rest followed. 

Pushing past brush and having to cross a stream, which was rather difficult in the dark, they were begining to wonder if they had gone off at the right angle. The brother who climbed was surprised they had not encountered the house yet. Also he had not seen the stream. but Tom was not surprised because the stream would not be visible, being covered by trees.

"We're lost aren't we" one brother snidely stated.

"We're lost and we left all the kindling we collected" accused another brother.

"No it's alright, I brought some" shouted yet another.

And just at that very moment Kim pushed through a bramble hedge into a lush green garden and landed on his hands with a yelp. 

The others broke through the bramble hedge one by one into the open plane, silently. Looking at the lit garden and structure far in front of them it was a huge house. It was all well lit and visible but Tom could not see where the light was comming from. They could see the garden clearly. It seemed to be a circular expanse with the building in the middle. 

"This is bigger than it looked" murmered the brother who saw it from the tree top.

Stunned to silence they walked through tall thin plants towards the stone building. 

  @}}>-----             --------{---(@

- How to get in the house
  - Lovely smell of fresh bread while they're doing this
  - Tom can get through a hole in the door (knot hole) but the other brothers can't
  - Tom gets through the door and sees the anti-chamber
  MAKE MAP OF OBSERVABLE GIANTS HOUSE FOR LITARARY REFERENCE
  - How does Tom open the door???? 
  - Shit this is an impossible task, she might have to go exploring and find some rope (a cotten reel) 
  - Tom manages to get to the height of the latch, but the latch is heavy
  - How can Tom possibly move the latch? The latch on the door at home was always bent and twisted out of shape
  - This is the first time Tom has seen an in-tact, working latch. But she figures out how it operates, and how to 'free' the door
  - She can see how to push the latch up and she thinks she can manage it, but her brothers would need to help
  - She constructs a plan for the brothers to pull the door open as she lifts the latch
  - Tom has to climb down again to explain the plan to Kim
  - With the plan in motion Tom climbs up again and on her mark they open the door.
  
  
FUCK ME THEY'RE FINALLY IN


DISREGARD THIS!!!! TOO LONG, STARTS NARATUIVE AND BLEEDS INTO DIALOGUE

DO IT ALL AGAIN AS BRIEF NARATIVE????!!?!?!?
--
Perhaps it's fine as it is.

Oh no it isn't

Oh yes it is

Toms relationship with his brothers is boring except Kim would could be revisited towards the end of the quest, when Toms parents are dead or ill and beadridden. Kim runs the family, he has an eye-patch. Rules the house and other brothers with fathers brutality but Kim is less neglegent and his brutality is executed for better reasons, not pointless and sporadic like fathers.

Perhaps Tom gets them connected to Reds fathers network, which makes perfect sense. As Tom sees Kim as a man, he sees his father there as Kim looks so much like father. However Kims eye-patch and their fondness for each other means Tom doesn't see all of his father in Kim, but a less brutal more caring person. 



//Giants house
//Wife lets them in but begs them not to wake the sleeping giant 
//Giants wife identifies Tom Thumb as a girl. 

//Giant wakes but the children escape the boundry of the house... the house phases!!! The giant goes with the house. This doesn't deterr(sp?) the giant, because he can smell children a mile off, so he puts on his seven league boots. The giant catches up with the children who are dragging a giant apple core. It chases the children round and round but its a big giant and the children are surprised when it falls asleep. They jump all over it pulling its ears and the like. Tom fools around pretending to take the sleeping giants boots off (since Tom doesn't have boots because they don't hand down well from brother to brother). Tom tugs the giants pair of boots, one in each hand, and to Toms surprise the giants boots are pulled off the giants feet very easily, more surprisingly as they slid off the giants feet, as they slid off they came off in her size. She stood agasp at the pair of boots swinging from each hand, drawing them together in front of her. "A pair of magic boots that are always the right size!" she thought and put them on delighted. They fitted like a charm. Sleeps and Tom steals their boots

//Tom goes to hide behind a giant golden orb but when she leans on it it shrinks untill it fits in her hand. She catches it so it doesnt bounch on the floor and make a sound, and finds another hiding place. This golden orb is later stolen by the fox
