The Tailor
He's great at sewing
He introduces himself as 'A humble travelling tailor' bowing extravagantly probably
Could possibly meet Tom to the West in the land of giants where The Tailor has arrived from another dimension "How did you get here?" Tom would ask. "I'm not entirely sure" (true as dimensional re-entry is safe but random) and he might add "It's rather confusing" (true as multi-deimensional travel is rather confusing. 
Tom would be impressed that The Tailor has a coin
The Tailor has a confusing array of coins and currency which he may be sorting through as he meets Tom, finding suitable currency for this his home dimension
The Tailor is informal and relaxed and always polite
Because Tom is so impressed with seeing a coin she probably doesn't 
Considerate and conversational in favour of others
Says very little except idle upbeat conversation
Is understated when urgent or danger afoot
He's a great hairdresser but will never mention it because he doesn't ever brag, but he does re-adjust Toms hair
When arriving at taverns he's always up to his arms in women and friends by the end of the evening
Never offends anyone
He knows the tales and specifics of magic items 
He has a light sword akin to a foil or rapier, and is an exceptional sword fighter with a dandy style
He will negotiate with you in good spirits while fighting and hope to end up drinking or singing or both
Too often he will know people at taverns sometimes because of a prior adventure
He's an amazing dresser
He probably won't be tied down to arranged times, but always turn up at the right time. It's like he desnt like being boxed in or something
Eeiry timing

Always presents himself as a humble tailor.. but actually he is secretly an inter-dimensional bard
- He plays the lute and has a Lute of Unfolding*1 while he never transforms in public, but is often seen playing an 'old haggard looking lute'
- He travels interdimensionally by many means but his most convenient means is to open portals by playing a song from his Portal Songbook*2 
- He can sooth a rowdy crowd with some of the songs from the book but if he every uses the Portal Songbook he describes it as 'and old book' and keeps the magic subtle and most importantly unnoticed
- He's searching for Magic Thread*3 but also needs the Diamond Needle*4
- He's discrete to a fault with his knowledge of magic and magical items

Origin:
Brought up in a circus he mastered all acts very quickly, sewing being a peripheral skill underpinning the circus flamboyance and flair. The circus also meant he met many crowds and people, and knew of the towns and trails. Having learnt all he could from his circus family, and with knowledge aquired from talking to the many circus goers, he travelled to fabeled places aquiring key wonderous items umong them the portal songbook.. which opened his world to teleportation, time travel and inter-dimensional hopping. There are numerous other songs in the portal songbook that are unrelated to travel, for a variety of effects.

However the types of travel have not had quite the results he expected.

The teleportation is useful but only works safely when teleporting to a /well known location/. While experementing he has teleported himself into a lake, several feet above the ground, on a prison roof, too close to a cliff edge, and other dangerous places.

Interdimensional hopping is as safe as it gets of the three types of lateral travel. He often goes to other dimensions but will not rush to invite others, since other dimensions are hard on others sanity and The Tailor is too considerate to pull others into that.

Time travel has caused major grief and lost love, since to calculate the composite musical phrase to incrementally go back (to times previously travelled to) requires more intricate and complex musical phrase transposing with looping variations... The Tailor travelled from his time to the future and returned to give his love a wonderful gift, and back to the future to get a better present, and back again to his own time but each time the music got more and more complex. He ventured into the future a third time but has not been able to return home. For a long time he has been stuck in the future. He is stranded, unable to recite the exponentially unfolding lengths of complex symphony to enable the journey back to his own time, as no one can even stay awake that long even if they have the skill to play it. 

In his new time, previously, he had used his items and magic to solve problems but quickly it went wrong, and he got too famous too quickly. He had to jump forward in time again which is where he meets Tom.

He doesn't ever burden others with his sad story. He doesn't time travel any more. He won't teleport to an unknown place but in an emergency he may well teleport them all back to a town they've spent days travelling from. But he will remain as secretive about his available powers and magical capacity, because he knows it is the folly of man that is the curse on the item, if an item is magical the  power amplifies the folly. Sometimes the lack of quick solution is the reason well thought out plans comes about. Learning the hard way he measures twice and cuts once.

He finds going by as a tailor puts him in better social standing than the other circus skills. Not that he judges others like this, it's just the better social status gives him more options while travelling around.

Strength 12/18, Dexterity 18/18, Constitution 12/18, Wisdom 14/18, Charisma 18/18, Intelligence 16/18

Notable Possession:
His cool clothes and sword is visible. Possibly 'an old worn lute' but it's not always visible about his person. Otherwise he is discrete to a fault about his magical possesions.

*1 Lute of unfolding
This is a three inch wooden figurine of a lute which on command unfolds into a masterwork lute that looks old and worn. The same command folds the old lute back into the figurine

*2 Portal Songbook
A beautifully bound and scripted book containing sheet music and transposed phrases and variants used to open portals to new locations, the past, future and other dimensions. But music magic is extensive and this book also holds a variety of songs and spells unrelatedto travel.

*3 Magic Thread
This is unbreakable thread. It's the only type of thread that can be used to repair Magic Waistcoats, Magic Belts, Magic Boots, etc

*4 Diamond Needle
Only the strongest needle can penetrate magical cloth
