Tom Thumb
One of several children from a poor family
Mis-identified as a boy for most of her life
Her and her six brothers victums of neglect most of their life, living in isolation deep in the forest
Her family is semi-ferral
Is a very petite young lady
Drunken violent father the woodcutter
Scruffy hair and unkempt appearance she is still mis-identified as a young man
The 'designed for men' magic boots don't help
Hand me down, older brothers clothes that are too big for her don't help
Is the only one in her family who doesn't give in when faced with adversity
Is the only one in her family who thinks ahead (rather than living day to day)
Had parents who repeatedly tried to kill her and her brothers through idiocy and bad (no) planning
With idiot parents that almost got her killed several times, and having to fight for survival against a giant ..Tom has faced the nasty side of life early on, she is wise beyond her years
Unselfish and kind
Has a pair of magic 'seven league' boots
She ran the family with her brother Kim, the oldest and tallest. Her the brains and him the lead. Later in the finale when she and The Knight realise they love each other and he is The Prince and they get married as king and queen (then abdicate and live as gypsies because royal life is a nightmare - surprise end line). This is likely to carry that dynamic of Tom the brains and The Knight the leader. The Knight isn't stupid, most highly edjucated but Tom can judge a situation more acutely i.e. her Wisdom AND Intelligence are significantly higher than The Knights
Having grown up as a boy with brothers she knows how to fist fight, quick on her feet, likely to pick up a stool leg as the family weapon of choice
Is aware of five or so key points to punch to incapacitate, and key points to guard
For this she doesn't need strength (e.g. kidney punch, i.e. sneak attack/critical hit)
On her feet she is light footed and naturally evasive, able to dodge easily. Her poise always ready for one of her brothers surprise attacks that she was well used to growing up. But with no sign to the observer of her defensive poise, as in her mind to show overt defence would trigger a brother to antagonise for certain. She is much more alert and concious of violence than she would ever show.

Strength 8/18, Dexterity 16/18, Constitution 8/18, Wisdom 17/18, Charisma 17/18, Intelligence 17/18

Notable Possession:
- Seven League Boots, while ornate and beautiful the style is very much designed for men
- Older brothers hand-me-down clothes, not in great shape and too big for her (although The Tailor will alter them to her size but otherwise leave them as-is)